Fix file export is ready notification for user without `create` permission to `directus_notifications` (#23336)
directus/directus: .changeset/shiny-tips-sell.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> Fixed file export is ready notification for user without `create` permission to `directus_notifications`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the notification for finished file exports to be sent out without requiring any permissions on `directus_notifications`
```
